In the previous video I have presented how to open display and save an image into a file using open
C.
That's awesome.
But in computer vision applications we need to process the image so we need to have access to the pixels
to the different colors and process them in this video.
I will discuss the structure of an image and how to access the pixels of an image and which data structures
are used to store an image and pictures.
So let's see how it works.
Let us consider the fine image structure of the bike in the previous lecture we have executed the file
using different ways even using a restaurant or by executing it as a pipe from scratch.
In this exercise I'm going to execute the instructions one by one into a python environment so that
to show the impact of each instruction individually.
So the first thing we need to do we we need to go with the folder topic 3 perception because it is there
when we have the image folder from which we are going to read images.
So let me go to his father CD as RC tropically perception.
Now I am here I can execute the fight right away.
Image is structured but I would like to exact the instructions one by one.
So first of all let's go to a Python environment.
Or just typing Python and the first thing we need to do is to import pi as empy which is the data structures
that contains multi-dimensional and multidimensional arrays are used to store an image.
So this is the structure where we will store an image when we loaded from the file we start into Mumbai
and then we need to import Zeevi to be able to use up and Zeevi methods and then open the image.
So I'm going to open the image called black and white.
So I am.
When CB2 not I am married.
And then you have to specify the name of the image so the image is located in the images folder and
the name is called black or white dot G.
B.
Ok so I have another image.
So this is the image that you can read.
It's an image that contains just two cells.
One said that is white and another one that is black.
So I use this simple image so that you can add so that you can identify the color of the pixels.
So basically the white color is coded with the value 255 and the black color is usually encoded with
the value 0.
So we may be able to observe these colors when we print the content of the array studying the image.
So let's now look at what is inside the image.
So I'm going just to type I m g and you can see here this is the norm by a reader to represent the image.
It's a multi dimensional array and although this image is a black and white it is considered as a color
image.
This is why here we have three channels one channel four blue red and green.
So we have the R.G. encoding of the image.
For example 255 to 55 to 55 it means all together means a white color and we can see that the black
color is Inkatha over zero or very low.
I like to here for example.
So this is a present the first photo of that image is this is the first row of that image and then the
second row the third row and so on.
So we can also extract other information of the image.
So in Python an image is stored into a new pie and we can also determine the type of image you can use
Type I and you and your type is a multi dimensional array of the new by Lebert.
It is also possible to find the size of an image by MGE that size.
And here it is equal to 1350 pixels.
So what is this number we can look at the shape of the image.
OK.
So the shape here it will tell us how many rows how many columns and here the number of challenges.
So for example this image has 15 rows 30 columns and through each other.
So 15 is also referred to as black.
OK.
So for example you can write like that when I am cheap cheap.
And the first index.
OK printing the lung.
So the length to be equal to 50 with you said going to MGE don't shave.
And it's the second index.
OK so he can pin the width of the image in this case.
It's something Cullens and three is the number of channels.
So in this year and here we have three channels so you can see this number one thousand three hundred
fifty is just the number of colors inside the image which is equal to 15 multiplied by the 480 multiplied
by three.
Gives us 1300.
You can also find the length of the image by just typing an image or gays going to the terms of.
Well there are two different ways either you can get it with images or Jay or you can also get it with
an image.
So in person it's possible to extract all the information from shape.
OK assigning them to three different bodies for example height width and time.
So sometimes we can call clanks sometimes you can call type.
OK so you can see that it's going to collect the values from Image.
You can also find the type of the image.
I imagine that type.
OK so it means that the elements are encoded as an assigned integer values over 8 bits.
And also using Lynam by structure it is possible to access a row or a column or even a big set.
So for example if you want to access a pixel row and column fight we can do I MGE 10 5.
Ok so I MGE 10:5 it's equil to this value here.
We can also access the value of a complete row.
OK so this is Nuro.
These are the values of the tenth.
Or of course it has 30 values because the with is equal to 40.
You can also check what is the shape of a row.
I m g.
So this is the wrong button for example the chip.
OK.
So it's 13 rose and three columns because three is the number of channels and 30 is actually the width
or the number of rows here.
What index.
Then it is also possible to slice the image and only look at a single channel at a time.
OK so for example if you want to only to look at the channel at the first China index 0 you can use
i m g.
Column come up column and then we specify which index of the child.
So these are all the values for the first channel if you want to return the second Channon.
It is possible and if you want to return to search on it you can change by.
I will exit out the python environment.
And if you want to execute this file as a whole you can do like we did before.
As in the structure right.
And here you have all the execution for the different instructions obviously.
So based on this example you can understand that and V is a powerful tool that allows not only to the
images but also to represent them into an efficient data structure using the byte multi dimensional
array.
And then we were able to access every pixel and every color in the pixel of the image.
And by the salvific library that is very powerful and offers a lot of functionality and a lot of tools
to process multi-dimensional areas.
You have also observed that when we load a color image it has three channels one for that one for the
green and one for Blue is the next picture we are going to have a deeper look into channels and we will
show how to display every channel individually and how also to display an image in two different formats
like you saturation and value.
So in summary whenever you read an image or you get an image in an open CD you can access any of it's
pixel just by manipulating the new byte.